{\rtf1\ansi\ansicpg1252\uc1\deff0
{\fonttbl{\f0\fmodern\fcharset0\fprq2 CourierNewPSMT;}}
{\colortbl;\red0\green0\blue0;\red255\green255\blue255;}
\paperw12240\paperh15840\margl1800\margr1800\margt1440\margb1440\fet2\ftnbj\aenddoc
\pgnrestart\pgnstarts0
\pard\plain \fi720\ltrch\loch {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 After the arcanas}
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Fool - The human player}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Magician - The companion character}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Priestess - The player character}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Emperor - The husband of the doctor. Chief science man}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Empress - The Doctor at the hospital }
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Hierophant (High Priest, opposite the Priestess)- }
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Lovers - In love with one of the other characters}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Chariot (power, control) -}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Wheel - A gambler/drunk that bums around town}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Strength - }
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Hermit - A ghost from long ago}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Justice - Apprentice to the emperor}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Hanged - The town\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92s old hero. Chronomancer, resets the clock.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Death - Old man, partner (lover?) of Hanged. }
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Character Details:}
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Emperor - The husband of the doctor. Chief science man}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 * regulates something. Chief of police style. They know a bunch about the situation but aren\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92t intimately aware of what\u8217\'92s going on.}
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Empress - Power: Evaluation Eye (can size up people in a glance, detecting bodily and emotional harm)}
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 * Is taking care of the Priestess when they wake up}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 * on subsequent routes, they can change their lines because they can sense differences in the player}
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Hierophant (High Priest, opposite the Priestess)- }
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Lovers - In love with one of the other characters}
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Chariot (power, control) -}
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Wheel - Power: Imperfect Clairvoyance }
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Strength - }
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Hermit - Power: Spiritual Echo (leaves an imprint of themselves, turning to a ghost)}
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Justice - Apprentice to the emperor}
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 * Same age as Priestess. }
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 * Is investigating chronal distortions}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 * Priestess talks to Justice in order to find out something related to the time stuff}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 * Justice eventually catches up on what goes on. They form a connection with the Priestess. Maybe when it gets hard, they\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92re a shoulder to cry onasdasf}
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Hanged - The town\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92s old hero. Chronomancer, resets the clock.}
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Death - }
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 * The true antagonist has taught them how to use their power to resurrect the Hanged}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 * Nighttime ritual to resurrect Hanged}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 * Has words with hanged, then is reset}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 * }}