{\rtf1\ansi\ansicpg1252\uc1\deff0
{\fonttbl{\f0\fmodern\fcharset0\fprq2 CourierNewPSMT;}{\f1\fmodern\fcharset0\fprq2 CourierNewPS-BoldMT;}}
{\colortbl;\red0\green0\blue0;\red255\green255\blue255;}
\paperw12240\paperh15840\margl1800\margr1800\margt1440\margb1440\fet2\ftnbj\aenddoc
\pgnrestart\pgnstarts0
\pard\plain \fi720\ltrch\loch {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 One of the people in the original picture book photo is the villain. They were part of some research group with the protag. }
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 A character might die. Your memories of them become an important point (they\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92re not gone. They\u8217\'92ve helped shape you and put a little of themselves in you)}
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 If your memories are taken, the pictures in your book become static. Or if you\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92re doing bomber\u8217\'92s notebook style, }
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\pard\plain \ltrch\loch \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\pard\plain \fi720\ltrch\loch \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f1\fs24\b1\i0 Memory Gambit - }{\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Let\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92s take a little time to figure out WHY the player would execute on a memory gambit, and how that fits with memory collection.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0  \tab * The memories are probably more mundane then fantastic, which means it takes place in a low drama situation for the most part}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 \tab * The past of the town could have been corrupted, and the player reverts to an earlier \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93save\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 \tab * Why would things be different? They made memories originally, sealed them, then wanted to make new ones?}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 \tab * Are they aware of a terrible power within them and Memory Gambit is their way to seal it?}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 \tab * What if we went meta with it. The player (the human) did this \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8216\'91memory wipe\u8217\'92 to enjoy the game again. Knowing that any subsequent playthroughs would be way more mechanical and less engaging. This feels really hard to write correctly, but is my favorite idea so far.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 \tab }
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Lets talk about the meta angle.  The idea of willingly giving up your memories as an important crescendo moment kind of runs counter to the \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8216\'91I reset my memories for funsies\u8217\'92  What else we got?}
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 \tab * They come to fight the big bad but didn\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92t have enough memories to fight him, so he reset time and memory in order to give himself another shot. This feels a little dry, imo. There\u8217\'92s gotta be something better and more tied in with the theme.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 \tab * The player, or their companion, is an evil SOB who puts them in this place to collect memories to power some scheme. The climax has a memory battle where the player gives up their memories to protect their new friends.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 \tab * The player has retrograde amnesia and everyone but them knows it. They wake up that day with a camera by their bed with no idea how it got there/they think its a present, whatever.  There is a real challenge in writing; several characters all have to keep a large secret from the player and feel natural. This no longer really qualifies for a memory gambit, but maybe thats okay.}
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f1\fs24\b1\i0 Retrograde angle }{\f0\fs24\b0\i0 -  someone leaves the player a camera with a note(?). They leave their house and run into best friend. The friend is super excited about the camera \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93Hey, that\u8217\'92s great!\u8221\'94  The subtext is because they hope it\u8217\'92ll help you remember stuff. There is a reveal at some point, and the goal turns to fixing your amnesia. \u8220\'93If we can just find out the cause of the amnesia in the first place, maybe we can fix it. The cause was a MIND BANDIT OOOOOOOOOOO. Some big bad had a mind fight with you leaving you with your affliction. This pushes me towards having some kind of combat system where you can mind fight other people. You can use it to help people get over their problems.}
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0}